[SPEAKER_01]: Ernie Panel was another one.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then one a year ahead of that bunch, All-American.
[SPEAKER_01]: Rob Nett.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, Rob Nett was on the team, but he was...
[SPEAKER_01]: He was an honorary sucker, stout as a bull.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, he was stout.
[SPEAKER_01]: In fact, they had an old Model A car on campus somewhere, and that sucker could get down and back up to it and lift the wheel off of the ground.
[SPEAKER_01]: But he was tougher than a boot.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was the one that was playing out in California.
[SPEAKER_01]: And Rob Nett was a guard because they played both ways then.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he told the guy in front of him, he said, you better get out of this hole until John Kimbrough's coming through here and I'm going to just get out of the way.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he did.
[SPEAKER_01]: And Kimbrough liked to kill that guy.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's the story I heard.
[SPEAKER_01]: But there's lots of stories about Rob Nett.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, he came back here after the war and had a business in town.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you and your buddies think that those football players got grades given to them, or did they have to earn their grades like everybody else did?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know for sure.
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess I never thought of it much, but I can't remember of any of them that they had to go get out of bed and make go to class.
[SPEAKER_01]: And there weren't any courses that you all knew that were giveaways?
[SPEAKER_01]: Not that I know of.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've never heard of them.
[SPEAKER_01]: Again, I was in class with several of them, and they were there just like the rest of us and got no special...
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess they probably had tutors somewhere, but I never heard of their having a tutor.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did they wear a Corps uniform all day?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Except when they were going out.
[SPEAKER_01]: Talking about this bunch of football players, I had the pleasure, I was stationed after I got out of school here, I was stationed up in Colorado, and they had the Army All-Stars,
[SPEAKER_01]: And the Chicago Bears, or whatever they were, Chicago Bears, playing an exhibition game in Denver.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I went to that game, fortunately, and here were those guys, Kimbrough and all that bunch, were on the All-Star team.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that's seven.
[SPEAKER_01]: And remember, now, these guys play both ways.
Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_01]: seven of the starters for A&M graduates of 41.
[SPEAKER_01]: And they, of course, were the underdogs.
[SPEAKER_01]: But the Chicago team kicked off
[SPEAKER_01]: And Kimbrough received the ball and went all the way for a touchdown.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, the paper just, boy, they played it up tremendously in the Denver Papers and the Rocky Mountain News.
[SPEAKER_01]: But really...
[SPEAKER_01]: that was one of the easiest runs he ever made because they mowed those guys down like crazy and he just went right up the middle of the deal for a touchdown and they won the ball game which was unheard of for an army all-star team to be a professional football team all right now back in those first two or three years the aggies were winning
[SPEAKER_01]: big games here.
[SPEAKER_01]: Were there any of those that you recall that you really enjoyed in a special way?
[SPEAKER_01]: Any of those A&M victories?
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess... I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't remember any of them that were necessarily special.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, do you remember, though, going... I remembered.
[SPEAKER_01]: That year they won the national championship.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you remember going to the Texas game here?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: 39?
[SPEAKER_01]: Right.
[SPEAKER_01]: I also remember the one in 40, I guess it would be the 40th year, the Texas game in 40 when we were going to the Rose Bowl.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: The only problem was, and I was in the service, I guess it was 41.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because I was in the service then, stationed out in Arizona.
[SPEAKER_01]: And this guy at Pasadena, a big food distributor, he lives about, his aunt lives about four or five blocks from the stadium.
[SPEAKER_01]: And for me to come out there and they would have 50-yard line seats and all this good stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then they played Texas at Texas University on that hideout play.
[SPEAKER_01]: They beat us 6-0 or whatever the stupid score was, and there went my trip to Pasadena.
[SPEAKER_01]: But those were great.
[SPEAKER_01]: Great times, and by and large, again, that was a great bunch of guys.
[SPEAKER_01]: They were just good folks.
[SPEAKER_01]: During those pre-war years, how often did you communicate with your mom and dad?
[SPEAKER_01]: By phone or by letter?
[SPEAKER_01]: How much went back and forth?
[SPEAKER_01]: Almost entirely by letter, which wasn't very often.
[SPEAKER_01]: How often?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, I'd say maybe twice a month at the most.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I'd get an occasional letter from them, but we didn't.
[SPEAKER_01]: We didn't communicate a whole lot because, again, they didn't have a phone.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did she send you any kush?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'd come home with some cookies sometimes or something of that nature.
[SPEAKER_01]: But, again, the distance and the travel situation, if you don't know how I was traveling, hitchhiking, you didn't bring much.
[SPEAKER_01]: But they would mail cookies and non-perishable stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: When did your folks get a phone?
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess it must have been.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was it during the war?
[SPEAKER_01]: Just, must have been just before, right after, maybe just right after, I guess it was right after the war, right after the war.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right after the war.
[SPEAKER_01]: During those undergraduate years, do you remember any famous people coming to college, to the campus?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, boy.
[SPEAKER_01]: President Roosevelt, were you here when he came?
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_01]: What about some of the famous dance bands?
[SPEAKER_01]: We did have those.
[SPEAKER_01]: I remember Earl Hines, which a lot of people have not heard about, was one of the great dance bands, really, to dance to.
[SPEAKER_01]: We had Jan Garber.
[SPEAKER_01]: Dorsey's.
[SPEAKER_01]: I do not remember the Dorthys being here.
[SPEAKER_01]: Harry James?
[SPEAKER_01]: Harry James, I cannot remember that, but I'm trying to think of it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'll think of some of those, too.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, Russ Morgan.
[SPEAKER_01]: Again, to me, one of the real good bands, but not... Now, where did those demands perform?
[SPEAKER_01]: In Cibisa Hall.
[SPEAKER_01]: How did Aggies behave themselves at dances in Sabisa Hall?
[SPEAKER_01]: Compared to now, exceptionally well.
[SPEAKER_01]: What did you all wear?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, we wore uniforms in the old days.
[SPEAKER_01]: We wore uniforms.
[SPEAKER_01]: How often did you have a date?
[SPEAKER_01]: About, oh gosh, of course, none of my freshman year.
[SPEAKER_01]: Then a couple of times I had girls from home came down here, CIA.
[SPEAKER_01]: I suppose I had maybe not over a dozen the whole year.
[SPEAKER_01]: The local girls, now there was other times.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I had more than that because there were some local girls that we dated.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right, now was it assumed that you would, if you had a date, that you would have a corsage for her?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: And how would she be dressed?
[SPEAKER_01]: Usually in formals of some kind.
[SPEAKER_01]: Long dresses.
[SPEAKER_01]: I remember one particularly.
[SPEAKER_01]: This girl was from Amarillo, but she was a student, then CIA, Texas Women's University.
[SPEAKER_01]: Very nice girl.
[SPEAKER_01]: They bring busloads of girls down here.
[SPEAKER_01]: And since this girl's from Amarillo, I had this date with her, and they stayed in the dormitories.
[SPEAKER_01]: They'd clear out a dormitory like all of Prairie Hall, for example.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, this gal was telling me, and that was one of the times when we had one of these horse shows and the big deal.
[SPEAKER_01]: But she was wearing this beautiful dress, sequins.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, it was nice.
[SPEAKER_01]: But she made the mistake of telling me about her buying it in Amarillo as an exclusive.
[SPEAKER_01]: Since I was from Amarillo, she told me that White and Kirks, she got the White and Kirks, and this was a big deal.
[SPEAKER_01]: And it wasn't exclusive.
[SPEAKER_01]: And we got over in Sabisa Hall to dance, and she was one of seven with the same dress.
[SPEAKER_01]: As you can well imagine, she was just totally deflated.
[SPEAKER_01]: I felt so sorry for her.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know why I remember this, Haskell.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's lots of things I can't remember at all.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, how would you have made that date?
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you make that date by phone or by letter?
[SPEAKER_01]: I cannot remember.
[SPEAKER_01]: I suspect it was by phone.
[SPEAKER_01]: or maybe a time when I was at home.
[SPEAKER_01]: I probably called this girl and made the date I would get.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, who paid their way to come down here on the train or on the bus?
[SPEAKER_01]: Did they or did you?
[SPEAKER_01]: They came on the bus and they paid their own way.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: We paid for the 50 cents or whatever it was to keep, for them to stay in the dormitory.
[SPEAKER_01]: And, or the dollar if it was two nights.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then, of course, into the dance, which was negligible.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't remember how much, but it was very, very little.
[SPEAKER_01]: What did you and your dates drink at the dance?
[SPEAKER_01]: Coats.
[SPEAKER_01]: Occasionally you slipped in a little liquor.
[SPEAKER_01]: What happened if they got caught?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I don't remember because I don't recall anybody getting caught.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't remember any drunks at a core dance.
[SPEAKER_01]: I do remember, I do remember one my junior year, we had a, at the Cavalry Ball, we had a get together up there, and this is a little, part of it a little bit hazy.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then it was Maggie Parker Tea Room.
[SPEAKER_01]: And they had a punch bowl.
[SPEAKER_01]: And all these nice gals there, and somebody had slipped a bunch of...
[SPEAKER_01]: alcohol of one kind or another in that punch bowl.
[SPEAKER_01]: And those little girls drinking that punch, some of them were getting pretty tipsy and began to find out what had happened.
[SPEAKER_01]: And here was mothers and other people dragging their daughters out of there.
[SPEAKER_01]: get them out of that horrible environment but that was just one or two individuals that did such a that did such a sorry thing and it was a sorry thing to do but nevertheless it happened let's see alright after the dance was over did you take the girl back to the dorm or did y'all normally then go somewhere else
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, transportation being what it was, there wasn't much of anywhere else to go.
[SPEAKER_01]: So we usually just took them back to the dorm or visited outside on the benches here, there, wherever you could find one.
[SPEAKER_01]: Or if you happened to be fortunate enough to know somebody or have a family car or this sort of thing, well, you might go other places.
[SPEAKER_01]: But there wasn't really much of any other place to go.
[SPEAKER_01]: unless you just went to the country and parked and you had a car.
[SPEAKER_01]: As you and your buddies, how common was it for you all to have any beer or stronger drink in the dormitory?
[SPEAKER_01]: Very seldom.
[SPEAKER_01]: For beer, what were the most popular brands then?
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know, that was before I knew about Coors and a bunch of these others, so it must have been Budweiser.
[SPEAKER_01]: Southern Select, Grand Prize.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, Jack's.
[SPEAKER_01]: Jack's, and I'm trying to think the one that's locally produced here.
[SPEAKER_01]: Shiner.
[SPEAKER_01]: Shiner Bear, Budweiser, and of course later on, and I'm sure Coors was in the country, but they didn't have a distributor here then, and Falstaff.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, Falstaff, sure.
[SPEAKER_01]: Falstaff, you had to have Falstaff.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you and your buddies ever go out to the clay pits?
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right, so that would be later.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see, we did communications home and visitors.
[SPEAKER_01]: What did the YMCA, what role did it play in the life of an undergraduate then?
[SPEAKER_01]: What happened at the YMCA?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, they had, for one thing, they had a bowling alley in the basement.
[SPEAKER_01]: And, let's see, Mr. Cashin, I guess, headed that thing up.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you know either of his boys?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: They were younger than I, of course.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then I knew them better later, because they both played football.
[SPEAKER_01]: consolidated and played on a football team here.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I've known, I didn't know the younger one real well, but I knew Jim is the one I didn't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was he the younger?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, he's the older.
[SPEAKER_01]: Older, okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I did not know him.
[SPEAKER_01]: I knew him, but I did not know him as well as I knew Red.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you went there to bowl?
[SPEAKER_01]: We could bowl, except it cost you money.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think it cost you 10 or 15 cents a line.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so I set pens in the bowling alley.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that's when you didn't have machines that set the pins.
[SPEAKER_01]: You got up on the little needle behind in the pit and pulled those things out and stuck them down on the little spots out there to where you had 10 pins and
[SPEAKER_01]: So I set pens for whatever little money it took that I spent when I bowled, which wasn't very much, but that was another little source of income I had, was setting pens in the bowling alley.
[SPEAKER_01]: But into your question, it was sort of a sanctuary, really.
[SPEAKER_01]: where you could go and... You could buy some refreshments.
[SPEAKER_01]: Couldn't you buy Cokes?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, down on the ground floor.
[SPEAKER_01]: They had this drug store.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you could buy a Coke.
[SPEAKER_01]: They know it went over 10 cents.
[SPEAKER_01]: And because of the way that the water tasted then, as I would describe this sulfur,
[SPEAKER_01]: If you could afford it at all, you would drink a Coke if you had a nickel or a dime or whatever it was it cost.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you participate in any religious activities when you were an undergraduate?
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you go to church?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, I went to church at the A&M United Methodist.
[SPEAKER_01]: At that time, it was over in an old wooden building, an old tabernacle-type building.
[SPEAKER_01]: that was built initially primarily for the students.
[SPEAKER_01]: Located where was that?
[SPEAKER_01]: Located just across the street from where it is now, in that same area that the A&M Church is.
[SPEAKER_01]: But on the north side of what is now University?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, as I recall,
[SPEAKER_01]: In other words, across the street from the campus.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it was across the street from the campus.
[SPEAKER_01]: And also, if you know, remember the way that, I can't remember the name of the street that goes between there.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it was right there behind where that bank used to be and in that area there.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: Or maybe exact where this one was built.
[SPEAKER_01]: But as I recall, it was toward the Catholic Church.
[SPEAKER_01]: from where this building is built now.
[SPEAKER_01]: Were you a Methodist at home?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: I belonged to a Methodist church, but I was raised in a little community church, non-denominational.
[SPEAKER_01]: Everybody come.
[SPEAKER_01]: How often did you go to the services over there or any Methodist activity?
[SPEAKER_01]: Here?
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you go on Wednesday night?
[SPEAKER_01]: I went pretty often.
[SPEAKER_01]: Not often.
[SPEAKER_01]: More so in my upper class years.
[SPEAKER_01]: I went more often, but I didn't go as often as I should have.
[SPEAKER_01]: My freshman year, I went to the Sunday services, but I didn't participate much in the other activities because, again, I was trying to hold down a job.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did they have food on Sunday night?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, not that I recall.
[SPEAKER_01]: If they did, I think I would recall that because I had something special.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see, describe the general student body.
[SPEAKER_01]: Where were most of the students from?
[SPEAKER_01]: The country or the city?
[SPEAKER_01]: Compared to now, it was country.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, how you would break it down, you know, like 50-50 or something of this nature, I couldn't tell.
[SPEAKER_01]: There were lots of kids from Houston, Dallas, Fort Worth, et cetera, San Antonio.
[SPEAKER_01]: But then it was, of course, it was called Cal College.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_01]: Compared to now, it was overwhelmingly country.
[SPEAKER_01]: And did everybody have a nickname?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, not everybody, but of course I had one before it came and I still... Did you have that nickname before you got here?
[SPEAKER_01]: I had that nickname when I was three years old.
[SPEAKER_01]: Really?
[SPEAKER_00]: How did it come?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I was younger than that when I got part of it.
[SPEAKER_01]: When I was born, I was dark-complected.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I had an old aunt who thought I was something else, but she called me her little nigger baby.
[SPEAKER_01]: Remember, we're talking about 1919.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that got contracted down eventually to Little Nig, and then they finally dropped to Little and tagged me with the name Nig.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, do you have any Native American ancestry?
[SPEAKER_01]: Are there any Indians in your family tree?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, it's all Scotch, Irish, and Dutch.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know old saying, Scotch, Irish, and Dutch, it don't amount to much.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Boy, they tagged me good there.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so your nickname came with you?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, my time was little, and it's followed me.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's what I mean.
[SPEAKER_01]: It came to A&M.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, because I knew I had friends and kinfolks.
[SPEAKER_01]: who came down here, and once somebody says that in front of other people, man, it sticks.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I also, my first name is Melvin, and I never was terribly fond of that, so I didn't fight the situation a whole lot.
[SPEAKER_01]: But that's how it all came about, for good, bad, or indifferent.
[SPEAKER_01]: Outfits had nicknames and the students got nicknames.
[SPEAKER_01]: Basically, were the students, in terms of their attitudes, were they conservative or liberal?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, conservative.
[SPEAKER_01]: I would have been surprised if you had said otherwise.
[SPEAKER_01]: That doesn't mean there wasn't a liberal here and there.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, I understand.
[SPEAKER_01]: And were there some, of what we would today say minorities, were there some Jewish students here?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Were you acquainted with any?
[SPEAKER_01]: One I recall specifically was a guy by the name of Motes.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was one of the Graham Purcells that lived under Graham Purcell that he pasted the stuff in, but not in an antagonistic way.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was a good, you know, good guy, and he was popular with other students.
[SPEAKER_01]: What about Hispanic?
[SPEAKER_01]: Were there some Mexican-American?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, we had some, but we had several South American students.
[SPEAKER_01]: Really?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Where?
[SPEAKER_01]: Colombia.
[SPEAKER_01]: Bogota, Colombia.
[SPEAKER_01]: We had one there by the name of Pedro Chacon, whose family was quite influential in his ranching outfit, and high in politics, and then when the
[SPEAKER_01]: Politics changed down there.
[SPEAKER_01]: They lost a lot of their land and stuff, but he was really a fine little guy.
[SPEAKER_01]: He did an exhibition bullfighting for us over here one time at Rodeo, except we didn't have the right kind of bull, but he had a cape and did little stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you all have a nickname for him?
[SPEAKER_01]: Pedro.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know for sure what his name is.
[SPEAKER_01]: If that was his real name or his nickname, but he was Pedro Chacon.
[SPEAKER_01]: But anyway, there were others.
[SPEAKER_01]: Quite a number of South Americans were different.
[SPEAKER_01]: Argentina, Colombia.
[SPEAKER_01]: Any Europeans?
[SPEAKER_01]: I cannot recall any.
[SPEAKER_01]: Asian?
[SPEAKER_01]: Any Japanese, Chinese?
[SPEAKER_01]: I cannot recall any.
[SPEAKER_01]: And there weren't many from out of state, were there?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, there were some Japanese kids here.
[SPEAKER_01]: I did not know them.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, not a lot from out of state.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, there was quite a few, too, because of veterinary medicine at that particular time, because very few other states had colleges of veterinary medicine, like this Moats, for example.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was a veterinary student, and we had a number of some veterinary students from Louisiana.
[SPEAKER_01]: Not other places, but by and large, it was an in-state institution.
[SPEAKER_01]: You were here.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, when do you leave the campus to go off to the war?
[SPEAKER_01]: I left immediately after I graduated.
[SPEAKER_01]: In the spring of?
[SPEAKER_01]: 1941.
[SPEAKER_01]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right, so you're away when the war started.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm in the service, but I'm away.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you and your buddies begin to discuss what was happening in Europe when the war started over there?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: We talked about it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did y'all think it might involve you?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, we did, but
[SPEAKER_01]: Not as seriously maybe as we should have recognized it.
[SPEAKER_01]: And looking back, did your training in the Corps the last year you were in your senior year, did it change?
[SPEAKER_01]: Not that I can recall.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, it's just sort of an even keel buildup.
[SPEAKER_01]: So y'all were still horse cavalry?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Not armor?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, but I transferred out of the cavalry.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, to what?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, this guy Rudy Rader that I was talking about, Rudy Von Rader, was already in.
[SPEAKER_01]: He was a major.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he was in the remount service.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he told me, he said, if you'll transfer...
[SPEAKER_01]: from the cavalry to the quartermaster corps, I'll bring you from N.M.
[SPEAKER_01]: to Reno, Oklahoma, where I am, in the remount service, which, gee, you know, that's horses.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's going out and buying them, training them.
[SPEAKER_01]: That said, man, that was for me.
[SPEAKER_01]: The only problem was that when I got my orders,
[SPEAKER_01]: They were sending me to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
[SPEAKER_01]: I remember I got this transfer to Quartermaster Corps, which was bad by the time, I thought.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, that's okay.
[SPEAKER_01]: As soon as I go through this Quartermaster School up there for three months, I'm sure I'll go right to El Reno.
[SPEAKER_01]: The only thing was that when I got my orders there instead of going to El Reno,
[SPEAKER_01]: I got my orders to go to the Air Force, in ties to the Air Force in Higley, Arizona.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's the way I wound up in Supply, and eventually I was transferred to the Air Force, where I spent the rest of my time while I was in the service.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you remember when you got your senior boots?
[SPEAKER_01]: How, where, how much?
[SPEAKER_01]: I got them at the end of my junior year because at that time, the guys that had them, a lot of guys, had to sell those dudes when they graduated to get some money to go wherever they wanted to go.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I found these boots at, anyway, Northgate.
[SPEAKER_01]: Hollicks.
[SPEAKER_01]: I started to say Lou Casey, but anyway.
[SPEAKER_01]: Were they used?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: They were used boots.
[SPEAKER_01]: What did they cost?
[SPEAKER_01]: $30.
[SPEAKER_01]: And man, that was a pretty good bunch of dope.
[SPEAKER_01]: But they were good boots.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I don't know how many people had owned them before, but they were still in presentable.
[SPEAKER_01]: What did you feel like when you first wore them?
[SPEAKER_01]: I strutted just like you couldn't imagine.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was proud of those dudes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did anybody from your family come down for the final review when you were a junior?
[SPEAKER_01]: Not when I was a junior.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right, let's go then to your senior year.
[SPEAKER_01]: You're getting ready to graduate.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yep, I came down from my graduation.
[SPEAKER_01]: Who came?
[SPEAKER_01]: My dad and my mother.
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess that's it.
[SPEAKER_01]: And do you remember who the reviewing officer was?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, I sure don't.
[SPEAKER_01]: And where did that take place?
[SPEAKER_01]: On the drill field.
[SPEAKER_01]: At that time, that old drill field over there was the mecca for many, many things.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then commencement was at?
[SPEAKER_01]: Guyon Hall.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you remember who the speaker was?
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_01]: I remember something he said.
[SPEAKER_01]: What?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, wait a minute.
[SPEAKER_01]: It wasn't at Guyon Hall.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was that in the stadium?
[SPEAKER_01]: It was in the stadium.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because everybody wouldn't fit in Guyon.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, it was in the stadium.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I know why I'm thinking of another deal that happened in Guyon Hall.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's kind of bad, but anyway, it was in the stadium.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I remember one thing was said, which I don't... A very few times, I think people remember a whole lot about what the speaker says at their graduation.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_01]: But he said, you know, I had parents tell me, look, you know, I couldn't get an education, didn't have an education, and the thing I wanted more than anything else was to get an education with this boy or this boy so he wouldn't have to work as hard as I did.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let him get a degree so he wouldn't have to work as hard as I did.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, you know what I tell them?
[SPEAKER_01]: I tell them, man, you're wrong.
[SPEAKER_01]: You let them get that education, and then they need to work as hard as you did so they can accomplish a whole lot more than they would have if they got an education.
[SPEAKER_01]: But without the education and without the work, they're missing out on it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now, that much I remember, and that's been 199 years ago.
[SPEAKER_01]: And your senior ring cost how much?
[SPEAKER_01]: You remember?
[SPEAKER_01]: Hey, less than $50, I know of that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think about 30 some odd bucks, which was a pretty good batch of dough.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm guessing here.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you ever lose yours?
[SPEAKER_01]: Any ring stories?
[SPEAKER_01]: No, I never lost mine.
[SPEAKER_01]: I was skinny then.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you see, I don't have it on.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's in there in my dresser.
[SPEAKER_01]: But a little later on, I got to where I could wear it, and I never did have that thing sized.
[SPEAKER_01]: I just kept it when I haven't had it sized.
[SPEAKER_01]: What are you going to do with it?
[SPEAKER_01]: Who are you going to pass it on to?
[SPEAKER_01]: I'll probably pass it on to my oldest grandson.
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you ever have any?